# Background Context
We are entering the Exponential Revolution where intelligence and general labor can be manufactured at an industrial scale. Within 100 years over 99% of the intelligence and labor will be artificial. Organisms revolve their biology, civilization, and culture around their source of mass and energy, so it's only natural to assume that most of humanity will revolve around the use of these new tools (if they remain as tools). Economies will be reforged from mass consumption markets to however we can scale up our tools to get the most mass, energy, and build power the fastest. Intense competition will force us to find purpose, which will turn out to be organizing labor and resources into systems and institiutions that maximizes the scientific, productive, and human well being outputs. Power will recentralize to whoever commands the tools. Adhering to the needs and owners of tools has always been the dominant cultural belief system, it just moved from human beings to synthetic beings. Liberalism, individuality, equality, democracy, freedom, what you want to do with your life. These are useful ideas and belief systems when humans are the main tools. Selection pressures over the next 100 years will emphasize cultural traits conducive to centralization, elite coordination, scale, speed, agency, adherence to authority, conformity, collectivism, doing the net positive thing for your society. It will turn out these traits are a good way to wield our new tools while working with our biology. Organisms revolve their biology, civilization, and culture around their source of mass and energy. 
The foundation of modernity rested on the delusion that there were no more selection pressures, that we have won, we are all rich and safe, and so we are free to go out and play purposeless lives as we wished. The Exponential Revolution may end up being known as the Exponential Renaissance if the plurality of competing civilizations forces each other to realize its purpose, an unwavering objective function to outcompete the other. With a purpose, a civilization can discern between good and evil, net positive and net negative, and only then can it iteratively engineer itself towards the objective function. The renaissance coming out of modernity will be the emergence of iterative civilizations bred by competition, this is humanity's great mechanism to get itself to exponentially progress and colonize the stars. 

# Our Purpose
During these next 10 years, an increasing amount of software and hardware will be made with agentic control in mind. Agents will eventually create, control, and improve their own bodies and tools. You need observable and reprogrammable software and hardware for agents to control fleets of different kinds of robots it made on its own, and then improve upon them to better achieve its objective function. There are plently of tools for humans to do this, it's just a matter of curating these tools for agents.

